June 24, 2021
Valorant Addiction
It's been a few weeks since I started playing Valorant. Even though I wasn't the best player around, it was the fact that playing with friends made it super fun hence I can't seem to stop myself from playing. Communication between players is very important and through this game, I was able to build relationships with people I didn't think I'd get to know in a face-to-face setting due to the distance and all that. I think it's really cool how games could make people connect despite the distance and spend time with them through one's interests.

June 15, 2021
Back to CODM
I've been playing all sorts of games this quarantine but sometimes when I feel bored, I eventually go back to playing a game I left like Call of Duty: Mobile. I'm not one of those who play it like a pro using 4 fingers but I get by and shoot others with luck. It's actually quite a fun past time like Mobile Legends since a round of it doesn't take up too much time unlike Valorant or Genshin Impact. Try playing it to relieve some stress, it's fun!


May 8, 2021
Officially a Graduate!
There was a few weeks left before the school ends back in our 12th grade but quarantine got in the way of everything. Some activities were cancelled and our grades had to be adjusted without us having to worry about the activities anymore. Even our graduation and graduation ball got cancelled even though the preparations were almost done. After a few months, the school decided to hold our graduation before the graduation of their current grade 12 students. It took a long time but having an official graduation for our parents to see was satisfying. My parents got to congratulate me on social media and celebrate the occassion with the whole family. I officially graduated at last!


December 18, 2020
First Meetup With My College Friends
I tried my luck to ask my parents for permission to hang out at a famous local cafe 20 minutes away from home to meet my college friends. To my surprise they actually let me. I was excited and a bit nervous to finally meet Nikko and Johndel since we've been talking online since classes have started but this would be the first time we will actually meet. Nikko's really tall and Johndel was as thin as me. They decided to have rice meals while I ate some cake. It was a bit pricey since we ate at a cafe but the food was great. It was raining for a bit so we waited a few minutes before taking pictures outside and finally leaving for home. I felt warm and happy to finally meet them face to face.

November 26, 2020
HackFest 2020: Online
A group of friends I gained as soon as school started asked me out to join a Hackathon competition with them. I admitted to having 0 experience at coding but I can help a lot with designing since I have experience doing websites during my Senior High School. I learned about 30% from all the discussions unfortunately. Since most of them have to do with coding, I just jotted down notes and prayed that I could make use of the knowledge the webinars have imparted in the near future. We stayed up almost 48 hours trying to finish the app and actually barely managed to pass it but the experience was what we longed for, not winning the competition. I enjoyed it a lot. Cheers to us Johndel, Nikko and Cassandra!


November 20, 2020
The World of Teyvat
Valkyrae, a famous youtube streamer played Genshin Impact on stream one time and now is the time for me to try it out. People said it'd empty your wallet as soon as you play the game but I have nothing to lose! Genshin Impact is an open-world game where you do quests and interact with NPCs to accomplish these quests. The plot seems very interesting so I guess I have a new way to kill time this quarantine!


September 27, 2020
CORPSE
It was a random youtube video recommendation yet again. It was the first time I tried watching an Among Us Gameplay video and it was HILARIOUS! I didn't think a person could get such a deep voice but Corpse proved me wrong. He is really funny and the way he laughed was adorable. I am no simp but he just got himself a new fan.

September 23, 2020
Re_Action Volunteering
School just started and my sister who's 5 years older than me convinced me to volunteer for an NGO to spend my time productively if I'm not busy with assessments. I was really hesitant at first, I didn't even know what I can contribute to an organization but I think this is the start of me stepping out of my comfort zone to try out things I haven't thought of before. Wish me luck!